---
title: Invoice v3
layout: reference
redirect_from:
  - /api-reference/invoice/payment-request.html
---

* [Retrieve an Invoice](#get)
* [Create a New Invoice](#post)
* [Update an Invoice](#put)
* [Schema](#schema)

## Version

3.0

## <a name="get"></a>Retrieve an Invoice

```
GET /api/v3.0/invoice/paymentrequest/{id}
```

### Parameters

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
id|`string`|path|**Required** Invoice ID.

## <a name="post"></a>Create a New Invoice

```
POST /api/v3.0/invoice/paymentrequest
```

### Payload

* [paymentrequest](#schema-paymentRequest)

## <a name="put"></a>Update an Invoice

```
PUT /api/v3.0/invoice/paymentrequest
```

### Payload

* [paymentrequest](#schema-paymentRequest)

## <a name="schema"></a>Schema

### <a name="schema-paymentRequest"></a>Payment Request

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`AmountWithoutVat`|`string`|-|The net amount of the invoice (excluding VAT).
`BuyerCostCenter`|`string`|-|The company defined center responsible for the Invoice.
`CheckNumber`|`string`|-|Check number of the payment made to the vendor.
`CompanyBillToAddressCode`|`string`|-|The code which identifies the company location to which the vendor billed the invoice.
`CompanyShipToAddressCode`|`string`|-|The code which identifies the company location to which the vendor shipped items listed in the invoice.
`CountryCode`|`string`|-|**Required** The country code.
`CurrencyCode`|`string`|-|The 3-letter ISO 4217 currency code for the invoice currency. Examples: `USD` - US dollars; `BRL` - Brazilian real; `CAD` - Canadian dollar; `CHF` - Swiss franc; `EUR` - Euro; `GBO` - Pound sterling; `HKD` - Hong Kong dollar; `INR` - Indian rupee; `MXN` - Mexican peso; `NOK` - Norwegian krone; `SEK` - Swedish krona.
`Custom1` through `Custom9`|`string`|-|The details from the Custom fields. These may not have data, depending on configuration.
`DataSource`|`string`|-|A code which indicates the method used to created the Invoice. Use GET /invoice/localizeddata to translate the code into text.
`DeliverySlipNumber`|`string`|-|The delivery slip number associated with receiving receipt.
`Description`|`string`|-|User entered description of the Invoice.
`DiscountPercentage`|`string`|-|The discount from the supplier if the discount terms are met.
`DiscountTerms`|`string`|-|The NET discount terms with a supplier when discounts apply.
`EmployeeEmailAddress`|`string`|-|The email address of the employee to whom the invoice should be assigned. Not evaluated if EmployeeLoginId or EmployeeId match an employee. This value is required if none of the following are provided: `LedgerCode`; `EmployeeLoginId`, `EmployeeId`; `PurchaseOrderNumber`; `ExternalPolicyId`.
`EmployeeId`|`string`|-|The company ID of the employee to whom the invoice should be assigned. Has precedence over `EmployeeEmail`; not evaluated if `EmployeeLoginId` matches an employee. This value is required if none of the following are provided: `LedgerCode`; `EmployeeLoginId`; `EmployeeEmail`; `PurchaseOrderNumber`; `ExternalPolicyId`.
`EmployeeLoginId`|`string`|-|The login ID of the employee to whom the invoice should be assigned. Has precedence over `EmployeeId` and `EmployeeEmail`. This value is required if none of the following are provided: `LedgerCode`; `EmployeeId`; `EmployeeEmail`; `PurchaseOrderNumber`; `ExternalPolicyId`.
`ExternalPolicyId`|`string`|-|The external policy ID of the Invoice. This value is required if none of the following are provided: `LedgerCode`; `EmployeeLoginId`, `EmployeeId`; `EmployeeEmail`; `PurchaseOrderNumber`.
`InvoiceAmount`|`string`|-|**Required** User-entered value representing the total invoice amount, used to calculate amount remaining on the line item page.
`InvoiceDate`|`string`|-|The date the vendor issued the Invoice.
`InvoiceNumber`|`string`|-|The Invoice Number from the vendor for the Invoice.
`InvoiceReceivedDate`|`string`|-|The date on which the invoice was received.
`IsEmergencyCheckRun`|`string`|-|Is an emergency check run required (Y/N).
`IsInvoiceConfirmed`|`boolean`|-|Indicates if the Invoice is confirmed or in a different status Supported values: `true`, `false`
`LedgerCode`|`string`|-|A code which indicates which company journal the Invoice is assigned to. Use GET /invoice/localizeddata to obtain valid codes. This value is required if none of the following are provided: `EmployeeLoginId`; `EmployeeId`; `EmployeeEmail`; `PurchaseOrderNumber`; `ExternalPolicyId`.
`LineItems`|`array`|[`LineItem`](#line-item)|The details of the Core Payment Request Line Item Identity Fields.
`Name`|`string`|-|**Required** The Invoice name.
`NotesToVendor`|`string`|-|Information from the customer to the vendor for special requests or handling for the ordered good or service.
`OB10BuyerId`|`string`|-|A unique buyer account on the OB10 network.
`OB10TransactionId`|`string`|-|Unique Identifier for the Invoice transaction (generated by OB10).
`OrgUnit1`|`string`|-|The details from the Organization Unit fields. These may not have data, depending on configuration.
`OrgUnit2`|`string`|-|The details from the Organization Unit fields. These may not have data, depending on configuration.
`OrgUnit3`|`string`|-|The details from the Organization Unit fields. These may not have data, depending on configuration.
`OrgUnit4`|`string`|-|The details from the Organization Unit fields. These may not have data, depending on configuration.
`OrgUnit5`|`string`|-|The details from the Organization Unit fields. These may not have data, depending on configuration.
`OrgUnit6`|`string`|-|The details from the Organization Unit fields. These may not have data, depending on configuration.
`PaymentAdjustmentNotes`|`string`|-|Notes to the vendor regarding the amount paid (underpayment due to damages, for example).
`PaymentAmount`|`string`|-|Represents the amount of the payment that will be/has been made for the Invoice.
`PaymentDueDate`|`string`|-|The date the vendor needs to be paid by.
`PaymentTermsDays`|`string`|-|This number, along with type of payment terms (example: NET), determine when the invoice is expected to be paid.
`ProvincialTaxId`|`string`|-|The Vendor Provincial Tax ID.
`PurchaseOrderId`|`string`|-|The ID of the Purchase Order to which the Invoice should be matched. This value is required if none of the following are provided: `LedgerCode`; `EmployeeLoginId`, `EmployeeId`, `EmployeeEmail`, `ExternalPolicyId`.
`ReceiptConfirmationType`|`string`|-|A code which indicates the receipt confirmation type for this Invoice (Invoice Confirmation, for example). Use GET /invoice/localizeddata to translate the code into text.
`ShippingAmount`|`string`|-|The value for the Shipping Amount header field.
`TaxAmount`|`string`|-|The value for the Tax Amount header field.
`VatAmountOne`|`string`|-|The amount of VAT included in the invoice total (first of two VAT amount fields available).
`VatAmountTwo`|`string`|-|The amount of VAT included in the invoice total (second of two VAT amount fields available).
`VatRateOne`|`string`|-|The VAT rate applied to the net invoice total (should relate to the first VAT amount field).
`VatRateTwo`|`string`|-|The VAT rate applied to the net invoice total (should relate to the second VAT amount field).
`VendorRemitToIdentifier`|`object`|[`VendorRemitToIdentifier`](#vendor-remit-to-identifier)|**Required** Used to identify the vendor location for payment remittance. At a minimum, the `VendorCode` or the combination of (`VendorName`, `Address1`, and `PostalCode`) are required. Use of as many fields as possible is encouraged to ensure a single vendor can be identified. If more than one vendor matches the information provided, the Invoice creation attempt will fail.
`VendorShipFromAddressCode`|`string`|-|The code which identifies the location from which the vendor shipped items listed in the invoice.
`VendorTaxId`|`string`|-|The Vendor Tax ID.

### <a name="line-item"></a>LineItem

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`Allocations`|`array`|[`Allocation`](#allocation)|The details of the Invoice allocation fields.
`AmountWithoutVat`|`string`|-|The net amount of the line item (excluding VAT).
`Custom1` through `Custom20`|`string`|-|The details from the Custom fields. These may not have data, depending on configuration.
`Description`|`string`|-|Brief overview of the good or service ordered.
`ExpenseTypeCode`|`string`|-|A code which indicates the Expense Type for the Line Item.
`ItemCode`|`string`|-|Represents the item code (the unique code a vendor assigns to a good or code a vendor assigns to a good or service to identify it).
`MatchedPurchaseOrderReceipts`|`array`|[`MatchedPurchaseOrderReceipt`](#matched-purchase-order-receipt)|The details of the Matched Purchase Order Receipts Identity Fields (if any).
`PurchaseOrderNumber`|`string`|-|Purchase Order that is associated to the Line Item .
`Quantity`|`string`|-|Total number of goods or services ordered.
`ShipFromPostalCode`|`string`|-|The postal code the good or service was shipped from.
`ShipToPostalCode`|`string`|-|The postal code the good or service will be shipped to.
`SupplierPartId`|`string`|-|The unique identifier provided by the supplier that is associated with the good or service.
`Tax`|`string`|-|The tax associated with the line item.
`TotalPrice`|`string`|-|The total amount of the line item.
`UnitOfMeasure`|`string`|-|The code for the measurement unit used to quantify the good or service. Use GET /invoice/localizeddata to look up codes and descriptions.
`UnitPrice`|`string`|-|The cost for a single unit of the line item good or service.
`VatAmount`|`string`|-|The amount of VAT included in the line item total.
`VatRate`|`string`|-|The VAT rate applied to the net line item total.

### <a name="allocation"></a>Allocation

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`Custom1` through `Custom7`|`string`|-|The details from the Custom fields. These may not have data, depending on configuration.
`Custom8`|`string`|-|A value that can be applied to a custom field 8 that is part of the allocation form.
`Custom9`|`string`|-|A value that can be applied to a custom field 9 that is part of the allocation form.
`Custom10`|`string`|-|A value that can be applied to a custom field 10 that is part of the allocation form.
`Custom11` through `Custom20`|`string`|-|The details from the Custom fields. These may not have data, depending on configuration.
`Percentage`|`string`|-|**Required** The percentage of the Request Line Item that the individual allocation record. All Allocations associated to a given Line Item should add up to 100.

### <a name="matched-purchase-order-receipt"></a>MatchedPurchaseOrderReceipt

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`GoodsReceiptNumber`|`string`|-|The identifier of the purchase order goods receipt number to which the Invoice line item is matched.

### <a name="vendor-remit-to-identifier"></a>VendorRemitToIdentifier

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`Address1`|`string`|-|Line 1 of the street address.
`AddressCode`|`string`|-|The code which identifies a particular vendor location.
`Name`|`string`|-|The name of the vendor.
`PostalCode`|`string`|-|The postal / zip code.
`VendorCode`|`string`|-|The code which identifies a particular vendor.
