---
title: Purchase Request v4 - Get Started
layout: reference
redirect_from:
  - /api-reference/invoice/purchase-request.html
---

The Purchase Request API gives SAP Concur clients the ability to leverage external data to create purchase requests for pre-authorization of purchase orders. Clients can build a direct connection where data can be fed to the Purchase Request API, which will create new purchase requests in Concur Invoice. These purchase requests are automatically submitted into the pre-authorization workflow. Once approved, the purchase request results in a purchase order that can be transmitted to a Vendor from SAP Concur.

#### Use Case

Many Concur Invoice clients have external systems that have part or service lists with pricing. If they use SAP Concur pre-authorization using purchase request, this data must be entered manually into the purchase request cart and submitted for approval by the requesting employee. Using this API and a client-built integration, the requestor can browse and select the items from the external system with quantities and other details needed, and then send the data to SAP Concur. A purchase request will be created and submitted into the workflow. The API returns a response message with a record identifier (URI), which can be used with the Get Purchase Request Details method to get the basic details of the created purchase request: Concur Purchase Request number, workflow status, exceptions, and once approved, the resulting SAP Concur purchase order number. 

SAP Concur clients must purchase Concur Invoice, Concur Purchasing, and Concur Web Services in order to use this API. 

#### Limitations

This API is not available in the China Data center. This API is only available for direct integrations with an existing SAP Concur client. If you are a Partner looking to build an App Center App using this API, please reach out to your SAP Concur Representative.

- [Regional Availability](#regional-availability)
- [Products and Editions](#products-and-editions)
- [Scope Usage](#scope-usage)
- [Dependencies](#dependencies)
- [Access Token  Usage](#access-token-usage)
    - [Retrieve a Company Access Token](#retrieve-a-company-access-token)
    - [Retrieve a User Access Token](#retrieve-a-user-access-token)
- [Purchase Request API endpoints](./v4.purchase-request-endpoints.html)


### Regional Availability

```
https://us.api.concursolutions.com/purchaserequest/v4/
```

```
https://emea.api.concursolutions.com/purchaserequest/v4/
```

### Products and Editions

* Concur Invoice Professional Edition
* Concur Invoice Standard Edition

### Scope Usage

Name|Description|Endpoint
---|---|---
purchaserequest.write|Allows you to create new purchase requests|POST
purchaserequest.read|Allows you to retrieve  purchase requests|GET

### Dependencies

SAP Concur Invoice with Concur Purchasing needs to be setup first in the application before trying to pass in data to create purchase requests using this API.   

To create purchase requests with this API, you need to supply a Vendor Code and Vendor Address Code which are available in the Vendor Manager edit screen within the application. If you need to get this data from SAP Concur using web services, you can use the [Vendor v3](/api-reference/invoice/v3.vendor.html) API.

If your purchase request form in SAP Concur has required custom fields that are tied to lists you will need to pass in the Item Code value for these list items or configure them to copy down from another source such as employee. You can access List Management from the Invoice administration area to see your list items along with the Item codes if needed. If you need to get this data from SAP Concur using web services, you can use the [List Item v3](/api-reference/common/list-item/v3.list-item.html) API.

### Access Token Usage

This API will work with both Company or User access tokens, however a Company `access token` is recommended for integrations using this API if the end goal is for the integration to create purchase requests for multiple requestors. When using a User `access token` to create purchase requests through the API it will result in the purchase request being assigned to the user that generated the User `access token` and it will not honor the user set in the payload. A User `access token` could be used for testing to check if your payloads are good if needed. For an integration as mentioned above a Company `access token` is the best choice.

Once you have registered your application, read about the [Purchase Request API endpoints](./v4.purchase-request-endpoints.html).

### Retrieve a Company Access Token

Using Company-level access is recommended for creating an integration with this API. This method will allow your integration to create purchase requests for multiple requestors.  

For clients connecting to this API to build a custom integration you will receive client credentials and information on how to generate your company access token or company refresh token from the Web services resource assigned to assist you with Authentication.  

### Retrieve a User Access Token

This API also supports user tokens however any purchase requests created using a user token will only create/assign these request to the user that generated the user access token. This can be used for testing payload validity but an integration would typically need to use Company access token so it can create purchase requests for multiple requestors.
Before making requests to the Purchase Request API, you must [obtain an access token from the Authentication](/api-reference/authentication/getting-started.html) API.

The response will include an `access_token` field, which contains your access token. For subsequent calls, you will need to include this access token in the `Authorization` header of your calls. An `id_token` will be also included in the response. In order to retrieve the unique ID for your user, you will have to decode this `id_token` at [jwt.io](https://jwt.io/). You will need this ID in order to post Purchase Requests.
