---
title: Financial Documents Schemas
layout: reference
---

{% include prerelease.html %}

* [Expense](#scexpense)
  * [Expense - Employee](#scexpemploy)
  * [Expense - Report](#scexprep)
  * [Expense - expenseEntry](#scexpent)
  * [Expense - Allocation](#scexpall)
  * [Expense - Journal](#scexpjour)
  * [Expense - cashAdvanceApplication](#scexpcaa)
* [Invoice](#scinvoice)
  * [Invoice - requestHeader](#scinvreq)
  * [Invoice - ownerEmployee](#scinvown)
  * [Invoice - Vendor](#scinvven)
  * [Invoice - lineItem](#scinclin)
  * [Invoice - Tax](#scinvtax)
* [Cash Advance](#sccashadv)
  * [Cash Advance - employeeData](#sccaemp)
  * [Cash Advance - cashAdvanceData](#sccaadv)
  * [Cash Advance - journalData](#sccajour)

## <a name="scexpense"></a>Expense

### <a name="scexpemploy"></a>Expense - Employee

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`employeeCustom1Code` through `employeeCustom21Code`|`CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. Maximum length 48 characters.
`employeeCustom1Value` through `employeeCustom21Value`|`CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. If configured as a list, this field contains the name of the list item. Maximum length 64 characters.
`employeeFirstName`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. First name of employee. Maximum length 32 characters.
`employeeId`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Employee ID often also serves as the employee’s Vendor ID for AP system integrations or payroll ID for payroll integrations. Maximum length 128 characters.
`employeeLastName`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Last name of employee. Maximum length 32 characters.
`employeeMI`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Middle initial of employee. Maximum length 1 character.
`employeeOrgUnit1Code` through `employeeOrgUnit6Code`|`CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. Maximum length 48 characters.
`employeeOrgUnit1Value` through `employeeOrgUnit6Value`|`CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. If configured as a list, this field contains the name of the list item. Maximum length 64 characters.

### <a name="scexprep"></a>Expense - Report

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`cashAdvanceReturnsAmount`|`Number`|Maximum 23 digits to the left of the decimal; maximum 8 digits to the right of the decimal; with a maximum of 23 digits for the entire field.|Currency. Amount of cash advance returned.
`employeeCurrencyAlphaCode`|`String`|3-letter ISO 4217 alpha code.|Alphanumeric. Reimbursement currency.
`homeCountryCode`|`String`|ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.|Alphanumeric. The report country. Example: United States is US.
`isTest`|`String`|Y/N|Signifies if this report belongs to a test user in system. Y = test user, N = not a test user.
`ledgerCode`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. External accounting system ID. Maximum length 20 characters.
`payrollPayIndicator`|`String`|Y/N|This field indicates whether the expense group the report user belongs to is configured to reimburse employees using Payroll.
`payrollPaymentClearingAccountCode`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. SAP customers who reimburse their employees via Payroll need to capture a payroll clearing account code as part of the accounting entry during the financial posting process. Maximum length 128 characters.
`reportCreationDate`|`String`|yyyy-mm-ddThr:min:sec.msZ|Date the report was created. Maximum length 24 characters.
`reportCustom1Code` through `reportCustom20Code`|`CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. Maximum length 48 characters.
`reportCustom1Value` through `reportCustom20Value`|`CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. If configured as a list, this field contains the name of the list item. Maximum length 64 characters.
`reportEndDate`|`String`|yyyy-mm-ddThr:min:sec.msZ|End date from the report header. Can be imported from trip data or manually entered.
`reportId`|`String`|Unique (across all SAP Concur clients) 32 character alphanumeric.|Alphanumeric. Often used as a voucher number when integrating across AP systems.
`reportKey`|`Number`|-|A unique ID (within a single SAP Concur client's company) generated by the system. An alternative to the `reportId`. Starts with 1 and increments with each expense report. Maximum length 11 characters.
`reportName`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Report name assigned by employee. Maximum length 40 characters.
`reportOrgUnit1Code` through `reportOrgUnit20Code`|`CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. The second segment in the fully qualified GL string should use Org Unit 2, except the natural account field. The natural account data is stored in column 167 of the SAE. Maximum length 48 characters.
`reportOrgUnit1Value` through `reportOrgUnit20Value`|`CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. If configured as a list, this field contains the name of the list item. Maximum length 64 characters.
`reportPaymentProcessingDate`|`String`|yyyy-mm-ddThr:min:sec.msZ|The date that the report completed all approvals and was ready to be extracted for payment. Maximum length 24 characters.
`reportStartDate`|`String`|-|Report start date. Maximum length 24 characters.
`reportSubmitDate`|`String`|-|Date/time the employee submitted the report for approval. Maximum length 24 characters.
`reportUserDefinedDate`|`String`|-|Custom date/time specified by user. Maximum length 24 characters.
`revisionNumber`|`Number`|-|Report revision number. This will be used to track changes made to posted expenses. Default value is 1. Maximum length 32 characters.
`totalApprovedAmount`|`Number`|Maximum 23 digits to the left of the decimal; maximum 8 digits to the right of the decimal; with a maximum of 23 digits for the entire field.|Total approved amount of the report.
`versionId`|`Number`|-|The version of the FI Document, which is the same as the version of the API endpoint. Maximum length 32 characters.

### <a name="scexpent"></a>Expense - expenseEntry

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`cardAccountID`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. ID for the card account. This can be used by the receiving system to condense transactions associated with this card. Maximum length 32 characters.
`cardProgramTypeCode`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. The code used to identify the card’s program type. Maximum length 5 characters.
`cardStatementPeriodEndDate`|`String`|yyyy-mm-ddThr:min:sec.msZ|The date of the end of the statement period. Maximum length 24 characters.
`cardStatementPeriodStartDate`|`String`|yyyy-mm-ddThr:min:sec.msZ|The date of the start of the statement period. Maximum length 24 characters.
`cardTransactionAmount`|`Number`|Maximum 23 digits to the left of the decimal; maximum 8 digits to the right of the decimal; with a maximum of 23 digits for the entire field.|Currency. Amount of the charge in the spend currency.
`cardTransactionCurrency`|`String`|ISO 4217 3-letter alpha code.|Alphanumeric. Currency code for the spend currency.
`cardTransactionID`|`String`|-|Reference number from the credit card vendor. Maximum length 32 characters.
`cardTransactionPostedAmount`|`Number`|Maximum 23 digits to the left of the decimal; maximum 8 digits to the right of the decimal; with a maximum of 23 digits for the entire field.|Amount of the charge in the billing currency of the card.
`cardTransactionPostedCurrency`|`String`|ISO 4217 3-letter alpha code.|Alphanumeric. Currency code for the card billing currency.
`clearingAccountCode`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Contains the expense type account code. - or - If a CBCP Personal expense, the company card clearing account code. - or - If charge is tied to a Statement Report, and accounting code is set for Company Billed card account, the card's accounting code as specified in the **Account Code** field when creating or editing a CBS account. Maximum length 20 characters.
`entryApprovedAmount`|`Number`|Maximum 23 digits to the left of the decimal; maximum 8 digits to the right of the decimal; with a maximum of 23 digits for the entire field.|Currency. Amount approved in the reimbursement currency.  
`entryCountryCode`|`String`|2-character country code.|Alphanumeric. Report entry country code.
`entryCountrySubCode`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Report entry country sub code. Maximum length 6 characters.
`entryCurrAlphaCode`|`String`|ISO 4217 3-letter alpha code.|Alphanumeric. Currency ISO alpha code for the spend currency if not an imported credit card or the invoice currency if this is a credit card. Maximum length 4 characters.
`entryCustom1Code` through `entryCustom40Code`|`CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. Maximum length 48 characters.
`entryCustom1Value` through `entryCustom40Value`|`CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. If configured as a list, this field contains the name of the list item. Maximum length 64 characters.
`entryDate`|`String`|yyyy-mm-ddThr:min:sec.msZ|Date that this expense was incurred (when the money was spent or credit card receipt date).
`entryDescription`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Expense description as entered by the employee. Maximum length 64 characters.
`entryElectronicReceiptId`|`String`|-|GUUID. Electronic receipt ID. Maximum length 24 characters.
`entryExchangeRate`|`Number`|-|Rate used to convert from the report entry (spend) currency to the report (reimbursement) currency. Maximum length 23 characters.
`entryExchangeRateDirection`|`String`|M/D|Alphanumeric. The direction of the exchange rate conversion. Either: M = Multiply or D = Divide.
`entryId`|`String`|-|Report entry sync GUUID unique key. Maximum length 32 characters.
`entryIsBillable`|`String`|Y/N|Yes or no is the expense billable.
`entryIsPersonal`|`String`|Y/N|Yes or no is the expense personal.
`entryLocationCityName`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Report entry location city name. Maximum length 64 characters.
`entryLocationName`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Report entry location name. Maximum length 64 characters.
`entryOrgUnit1Value` through `entryOrgUnit6Value`| `CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. If configured as a list, this field contains the name of the list item. Maximum length 64 characters.
`entryOrgUnit1Code` through `entryOrgUnit6Code`|`CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. Maximum length 48 characters.
`entryReceiptId`|`String`|-|GUUID. Non-electronic receipt image. Maximum length 32 characters.
`entryReceiptType`|`String`|T/R/N|Alphanumeric. One of these: T = Tax receipt, R = Regular receipt, or N = No receipt.
`entrySupplierTaxID`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Report entry XML receipt supplier tax ID. Maximum length 64 characters.
`entryUuid`|`String`|-|Report Entry XML Receipt UUID. Maximum length 32 characters.
`entryVendorCode`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Vendor name list short code. Maximum length 32 characters.
`entryVendorDescription`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Vendor description. Maximum length 64 characters.
`expensePayIndicator`|`String`|Either: 1 = Expense Pay or blank = not Expense Pay.|Indicates whether Expense Pay reimbursed this journal entry.
`expenseTypeCode`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Code for the expense type. Maximum length 5 characters.
`expenseTypeName`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Expense type name. Maximum length 64 characters.
`legacyEntryId`|`Number`|-|Legacy report entry key. Maximum length 11 characters.
`liabilityAccountCode`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. The liability account code assigned to the funding account paying this entry. Maximum length 48 characters.
`offsetPayType`|`String`|Y/N|Use Offsets. Y = Yes, N= No.
`reportEntryPatKey`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Report Entry Payment Code. Maximum length 4 characters.

### <a name="scexpall"></a>Expense - Allocation

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`allocationCustom1Code` through `allocationCustom20Code`|`CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. Maximum length 48 characters.
`allocationCustom1Value` through `allocationCustom20Value`| `CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. If configured as a list, this field contains the name of the list item. Maximum length 64 characters.
`allocationId`|`String`|-|GUUID. System-generated unique key for this allocation record. Maximuml length 32 characters.
`allocationPercentage`|`Number`|-|Percent of the report entry assigned to this allocation record. Maximum length 11 characters.

### <a name="scexpjour"></a>Expense - Journal

Name|Type|Format (length)|Description
---|---|---|---
`accountingTransactionType`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. This is the Intuit QuickBooks specific transaction value. It will be null or a value (GJ, CC, or BILL) depending on if it’s a `journalpayee` or `journalpayer`. This determines if a transaction should be posted as Bill or Credit Card in QuickBooks. Maximum length 24 characters.
`amountGrossCard`|`Number`|Maximum 23 digits to the left of the decimal; maximum 8 digits to the right of the decimal; with a maximum of 23 digits for the entire field.|Amount due to the company card of either CBCP or IBCP type for this detail row.
`amountNetOfReclaim`|`Number`|Maximum 23 digits to the left of the decimal; maximum 8 digits to the right of the decimal; with a maximum of 23 digits for the entire field.|Currency. Gross Journal amount subtracting reclaimable tax. Or the Net Journal amount adding non-reclaimable tax.
`amountNetOfTax`|`Number`|Maximum 23 digits to the left of the decimal; maximum 8 digits to the right of the decimal; with a maximum of 23 digits for the entire field.|Currency. Allocated net of reclaim tax. You get this by starting from the net and adding the tax that is not reclaimable, or starting with the gross and subtracting reclaimable.
`amountTax`|`Number`| Maximum 23 digits to the left of the decimal; maximum 8 digits to the right of the decimal; with a maximum of 23 digits for the entire field.|Currency. This is the Gross Journal amount subtracting the total Tax amount.
`cardTransactionReferenceNumber`|`Number`|-|Reference number from the credit card vendor. Maximum length 64 characters.
`journalAccountCode`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Contains the expense type account code. - or - If a CBCP Personal expense, the company card clearing account code. - or - If charge is tied to a Statement Report, and accounting code is set for Company Billed card account, the card's accounting code as specified in the **Account Code** field when creating or editing a CBS account. Maximum length 48 characters.
`journalPayee`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Payment code name for the payee. Maximum length 4 characters.
`journalPayer`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Payment code name for the payer. Maximum length 4 characters.
`taxGuid`|`String`|-|GUUID. Unique identifier associated with the report entry tax allocation. Maximum length 32 characters.

### <a name="scexpcaa"></a>Expense - cashAdvanceApplication

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`cashAdvanceApplicationAmount`|`Number`|Maximum 23 digits to the left of the decimal; maximum 8 digits to the right of the decimal; with a maximum of 23 digits for the entire field.|Currency. Cash advance utilized amount.
`cashAdvanceClearingAccountCode`| `String`|-|Alphanumeric. The Account Code is the clearing account code which was configured for the employee in the profile. Maximum length 48 characters.
`cashAdvanceId`|`String`|-|GUUID. Unique system ID assigned to the cash advance. Maximum length 32 characters.
`cashAdvanceTransactionType`|`Number`|-|Type of transaction: 1 = Issue or return to administrator, 2 = Application, including cash advance return expense within a report, or 3 = System cash advance, from balance carry forward.

## <a name="scinvoice"></a>Invoice

### <a name="scinvreq"></a>Invoice - requestHeader

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`amountNetInvoice`|`Number`|-|The invoice total amount minus the shipping and tax amounts. Maximum length 23 characters.
`amountShippingTotal`|`Number`|-|The value for the shipping amount header field. Maximum length 23 characters.
`amountTax`|`Number`|-|The total amount of tax on a given invoice. Maximum length 23 characters.
`amountVAT1` through `amountVAT4`|`Number`|23|The individual total VAT amounts for the invoice. Maximum length 23 characters.
`clearingAccountCode`|`String`|-|Contains the expense type account code. - or - If a CBCP Personal expense, the company card clearing account code. - or - If charge is tied to a Statement Report, and accounting code is set for Company Billed card account, the card's accounting code as specified in the **Account Code** field when creating or editing a CBS account. Maximum length 20 characters.
`currencyAlphaCode`|`String`|ISO 4217 3-letter alpha code.|Currency ISO alpha code for the spend currency if not an imported credit card or the invoice currency if this is a credit card.
`deliverySlipNumber`|`String`|-|Delivery slip number of the receipt which is associated to the invoice line item. Maximum length 256 characters.
`discountPercentage`|`Number`|Percentage|Percent value that defines the amount of discount that would be applied.
`discountTermsDays`|`Number`|-|Numeric value defining the discount term day amount. Maximum length 3 characters.
`invoiceDate`|`String`|YYYY-MM-DD|Date of the invoice.
`invoicePayIndicator`|`String`|Y/N-|Signifies if this report belongs to a test user in system.
`invoiceReceivedDate`|`String`|YYYY-MM-DD|The date on which the invoice was received.
`isTest`|`String`|Y/N|Signifies if this report belongs to a test user in system.
`ledgerCode`|`String`|-|External accounting system ID. Maximum length 20 characters.
`ledgerName`|`String`|-|The general ledger tied to the invoice. Maximum length 100 characters.
`multiplePurchaseOrder`|`String`|Y/N|Defines whether or not multiple purchase orders are tied to the invoice.
`netPaymentTermDays`|`Number`|-|Numeric value defining the payment term day amount. Maximum length 3 characters.
`paymentDueDate`|`String`|YYYY-MM-DD|The date the payment is due for a given invoice.
`payMethodType`|`String`|Drop Down Selector. Valid format options include: ACH, client paid, check, PAYPVD, wire, card, or VCHER.|The method used to pay the invoice, as of the point in time the extract is run. **NOTE:** It is possible for the method to be changed or updated *post-extract* through either the Payment Confirmation import (if the client controls payments), or through Invoice Pay (using Payment Manager).
`postingDate`|`String`|YYYY-MM-DD|The date the invoice will be posted to the ERP system.
`processCompleteDate`|`String`|YYYY-MM-DD|The date the invoice was processed.
`reqKey`|`Number`|Integer|An integer that uniquely defines this invoice in SAP Concur. This is the value that the Invoice Confirmation Import uses to match to this particular invoice.
`requestCreationDate`|`String`|YYYY-MM-DD|The date the invoice was originally saved.
`requestCustom1Code` through `requestCustom24Code`|`CustomField`||The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. Maximum length 48 characters.
`requestCustom1Value` through `requestCustom24Value`|`CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. Maximum length 48 characters.
`requestDescription`|`String`|-|The invoice’s description. Maximum length 250 characters.
`requestId`|`String`|-|The unique identification assigned to the invoice. Maximum length 20 characters.
`requestOrgUnit1Code` through `requestOrgUnit6Code`|`CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. Maximum length 48 characters.
`requestOrgUnit1Value` through `requestOrgUnit6Value`| `CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. Maximum length 48 characters.
`requestTitle`|`String`|-|The invoice name. Maximum length 100 characters.
`requestTotal`|`Number`|Maximum 23 digits to the left of the decimal; maximum 8 digits to the right of the decimal; with a maximum of 23 digits for the entire field.|The sum of all Line Item Amounts plus Shipping Amount and Tax Amount for the invoice.
`revisionNumber`|`Number`|-|Invoice revision number. Default value is 1. Maximum length 32 characters.
`submitDate`|`String`|YYYY-MM-DD|Date/time the employee submitted the invoice for approval.
`vendorInvoiceNumber`|`String`|-|The invoice number assigned by the vendor. Maximum length 50 characters.
`versionId`|`String`|-|The version of the FI Document, which is the same as the version of the API endpoint. Maximum length 32 characters.

### <a name="scinvown"></a>Invoice - ownerEmployee

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`employeeCustom1Code` through `employeeCustom21Code`|`CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. Maximum length 48 characters.
`employeeCustom1Value` through `employleeCustom21Value`| `CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. Maximum length 48 characters.
`employeeFirstName`|`String`|-|First name of employee. Maximum length 32 characters.
`employeeId`|`String`|-|Employee ID often also serves as the employee’s Vendor ID for AP system integrations or Payroll ID for Payroll integrations. Maximum length 48 characters.
`employeeLastName`|`String`|-|Last name of employee. Maximum length 32 characters.
`employeeMI`|`String`|-|Middle initial of employee. Maximum length 1 character.
`employeeOrgUnit1Value` through `employeeOrgUnit6Value`| `CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. Maximum length 48 characters.

### <a name="scinvven"></a>Invoice - Vendor

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`vendorCode`|`String`|-|The financial system's code for this vendor. Maximum length 23 characters.
`vendorContactFirstName`|`String`|-|Buyer contact for the vendor record’s first name. Maximum length 255 characters.
`vendorContactLastName`|`String`|-|Buyer contact for the vendor record’s last name. Maximum length 255 characters.
`vendorName`|`String`|-|The financial system's name for this vendor. Maximum length 255 characters.
`vendorRemitToAddressCode`|`String`|Less than or equal to 64.| The financial system's code for this address.

### <a name="scinclin"></a>Invoice - lineItem

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`allocationAccountCode`|`String`|-|The Account Code for the Allocation related to this Journal Entry. Maximum length 20 characters.
`allocationCustom1Code` through `allocationCustom20Code`|`CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. Maximum length 48 characters.
`allocationCustom1Value` through `allocationCustom20Value`| `CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. Maximum length 48 characters.
`allocationKey`|`Number`|-|System-generated unique key for this allocation record. Maximum length 13 characters.
`allocationPercentage`|`Number`|-|Percent of the report entry assigned to this allocation record. Maximum length 64 characters.
`journal`|`String`|-|Container for journal entries tied to the allocation. Maximum length 48 characters.
`accountCode`|`Number`|-|The financial system accounting code value tied to the invoice line. Maximum length 20 characters.
`amountGross`|`Number`|-|The gross amount (total amount) of the invoice line item. Maximum length 23 characters.
`amountNet`|`Number`|-|The net amount of the invoice line item not including shipping and tax. Maximum length 23 characters.
`amountShipping`|`Number`|Maximum 23 digits to the left of the decimal; maximum 8 digits to the right of the decimal; with a maximum of 23 digits for the entire field.|The value for the Shipping Amount header field. Maximum 23 digits to the left of the decimal; maximum 8 digits to the right of the decimal; with a maximum of 23 digits for the entire field.
`expenseTypeCode`|`String`|-|Code for the expense type so a value that isn’t language dependent is returned. Maximum length is 7 characters.
`expenseTypeName`|`String`|-|Expense type name. Maximum length 64 characters.
`externalLineItemId`|`String`|-|The PO Line item associated with to the Invoice. Maximum length 100 characters.
`lineItemCode`|`String`|-|The Primary Key value for the expense type. Maximum length 7 characters.
`lineItemCustom1Code` through `lineItemCustom20Code`|`CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. Maximum length 48 characters.
`lineItemCustom1Value` through `lineItemCustom20Value`| `CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. Maximum length 48 characters.
`lineItemDeliverySlipNumber`|`String`|-|Delivery Slip Number of the receipt which is associated to the invoice line item. Maximum length 256 characters.
`lineItemDescription`|`String`|-|The description of the goods or services being purchased on the individual invoice line. Maximum length 255 characters.
`lineItemPurchaseOrderNumber`|`String`|-|The purchase order number associated with the invoice line item (for a multiple purchase order-based invoice), or the purchase order number associated with the header (for a single purchase order-based invoice). Maximum length 10 characters.
`lineItemQuantity`|`String`|-|The quantity of the line item. Maximum length 23 characters.
`lineItemSequenceOrder`|`Number`|Integer| Line item number for the line item related to this Journal Entry. Value is dynamically generated by the system based on the number of lines.
`lineItemUnitPrice`|`Number`|-|The quantity unit price for the item being purchased. Maximum length 23 characters.
`poLineNumber`|`Number`|-|The PO line item number associated to the payment request. Maximum length 48 characters.
`receiptNumber`|`Number`|-|The Goods Receipt number. Maximum length 256 characters.
`receiptQuantity`|`Number`|-|The Goods Received quantity. Maximum length 23 characters.
`receiptItemID`|`Number`|-|The ID of the Goods Receipt tied to the Invoice and PO Line. Maximum length 48 characters.

### <a name="scinvtax"></a>Invoice - Tax

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`amountTax`|`Number`|-|The taxation amount that exists on the invoice line. Maximum length 23 characters.
`taxCode`|`String`|-|Tax code assigned to this tax authority for the expense type entered on the expense entry. Maximum length 20 characters.
`taxField`|`String`|-|Defines which database field the tax resides in. Maximum length 20 characters.

## <a name="sccashadv"></a>Cash Advance

### <a name="sccaemp"></a>Cash Advance - employeeData

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`employeeCustom1Code` through `employeeCustom21Code`|`CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. Maximum length 48 characters.
`employeeCustom1Value` through `employeeCustom21Value`|`CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. Maximum length 64 characters.
`employeeFirstName`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. First name of employee. Maximum length 32 characters.
`employeeId`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Employee ID often also serves as the employee’s Vendor ID for AP system integrations or Payroll ID for Payroll integrations. Maximum length 128 characters.
`employeeLastName`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Last name of employee. Maximum length 32 characters.
`employeeMI`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Middle initial of employee. Maximum length 1 character.
`employeeOrgUnit1Code` through `employeeOrgUnit6Code`|`CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. Maximum length 48 characters.
`employeeOrgUnit1Value` through `employeeOrgUnit6Value`| `CustomField`|-|The details from the custom fields. These fields may not have data, depending on the configuration. Maximum length 64 characters.

### <a name="sccaadv"></a>Cash Advance - cashAdvanceData

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`cardAccountID`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. ID will be used initially by the receiving system to “condense” transactions associated with this card. It will also be used to retrieve the card number in a separate API call. Maximum length 32 bytes.
`cardTransactionAmount`|`Number`|Maximum 23 digits to the left of the decimal; maximum 8 digits to the right of the decimal; with a maximum of 23 digits for the entire field.|Currency. Amount of the charge in the spend currency.
`cardTransactionCurrency`|`String`|ISO 4217 3-letter alpha code.|Alphanumeric. Currency code for the spend currency.
`cardTransactionID`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Calculated value assigned to this card entry during the import process. Maximum length 32 characters.
`cardTransactionPostedAmount`|`Number`|Maximum 23 digits to the left of the decimal; maximum 8 digits to the right of the decimal; with a maximum of 23 digits for the entire field.|Currency. Amount of the charge in the billing currency of the card.
`cardTransactionPostedCurrency`| `String`|ISO 4217 3-letter alpha code.|Alphanumeric. Currency code for the card billing currency.
`cashAdvanceId`|`String`|-|GUUID. Unique system ID assigned to the cash advance. Maximum length 32 characters.
`clearingAccountCode`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Contains the expense type account code. - or - If a CBCP Personal expense, the company card clearing account code. - or - If charge is tied to a Statement Report, and accounting code is set for Company Billed card account, the card's accounting code as specified in the **Account Code** field when creating or editing a CBS account. Maximum length 20 characters.
`countryCode`|`String`|ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code.|Alphanumeric. The report country. Example: United States is US.
`countrySubCode`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Report entry country sub code. Maximum length 6 characters.
`currencyAlphaCode`|`String`|ISO 4217 3-letter alpha code.|Alphanumeric. Currency ISO alpha code for the spend currency if not an imported credit card or the invoice currency if this is a credit card.
`currencyNumCode`|`String`|ISO 4217 3-letter alpha code.|Alphanumeric. Currency code for the transaction currency using ISO number code.
`employeeCurrencyAlphaCode`|`String`|ISO 4217 3-letter alpha code.|Alphanumeric. Reimbursement currency.
`exchangeRate`|`Number`|-|Rate used to convert from the report entry (spend) currency to the report (reimbursement) currency. Maximum length 23 characters.
`expensePayIndicator`|`String`|Y/N|Indicates whether Expense Pay reimbursed this journal entry. Either: Y = Expense Pay or N = **not** Expense Pay.
`issuedDate`|`String`|yyyy-mm-ddThr:min:sec.msZ|Date of issue.
`isTest`|`String`|Y/N|Signifies if this report belongs to a test user in system.
`entrylocationName`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. The report entry location name (for example, city name). Maximum length 64 characters.
`name`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Cash advance request name. Maximum length 40 characters.
`paymentMethod`|`String`|0 = Non-Expense Pay method used for disbursement or 1 = Expense Pay method used for disbursement.|Alphanumeric. The method used, either Expense Pay or Other, used for disbursement of the cash advance.
`purpose`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Describes the purpose of cash advance issued. Maximum length 2,000 characters.
`requestAmount`|`Number`|Maximum 23 digits to the left of the decimal; maximum 8 digits to the right of the decimal; with a maximum of 23 digits for the entire field.|Currency. For issue journal record, the total amount of the cash advance in the cash advance transaction currency.
`requestDate`|`String`|yyyy-mm-ddThr:min:sec.msZ|Date of cash advance request from the detailed cash advance record.
`requestedDisbursementDate`|`String`|yyyy-mm-ddThr:min:sec.msZ|Cash advance disbursement date.
`transactionType`|`String`|1 = Issue or Return to Administrator, 2 = Application, including Cash Advance Return expense within a report, or 3 = System Cash advance, from balance carry forward.|Alphanumeric. Type of transaction.
`travelEndDate`|`String`|yyyy-mm-ddThr:min:sec.msZ|The last day of the trip on the assigned travel request itinerary.
`travelStartDate`|`String`|yyyy-mm-ddThr:min:sec.msZ|The first day of the trip on the assigned travel request itinerary.

### <a name="sccajour"></a>Cash Advance - journalData

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`accountCode`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Contains the expense type account code. - or - If a CBCP Personal expense, the company card clearing account code. - or - If charge is tied to a Statement Report, and accounting code is set for Company Billed card account, the card's accounting code as specified in the **Account Code** field when creating or editing a CBS account. Maximum length 48 characters.
`amount`|`Number`|Maximum 23 digits to the left of the decimal; maximum 8 digits to the right of the decimal; with a maximum of 23 digits for the entire field.|Currency. Value, as credit or debit, of the amount to be exchanged between the payer and payee for this expense account code **(not an absolute value) EXAMPLES:** Value of zero, credit, or debit, as the following: 0 (Zero) "0," **+** (Plus / Debit) "+50.00," or **-** (Minus / Credit) "-50.00."
`debitOrCredit`|`String`|DR/CR|Alphanumeric. Either: DR = Debit or CR = credit.
`payee`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Either a company or an employee depending on the payment type. Maximum length 64 characters.
`payer`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. Either a company or an employee depending on the payment type. Maximum length 64 characters.
`paymentCode`|`String`|-|Alphanumeric. The payment code for either a payee or payer. Maximum length 80 characters.
