---
title: Concur Expense Event
layout: reference
---

{% include prerelease.html %}

* [Overview](#overview)
* [Scope Usage](#scope-usage)
* [Events](#events)
  * [Report Status Changed](#status-changed-event)
* [Schema](#schema)
  * [Status Changed Event Payload](#status-changed-event-payload-schema)
  * [Status Changed Event Payload Facts](#status-changed-event-payload-facts-schema)
* [Sample Events](#sample-events)

## <a name="overview"></a>Overview

This page will host the documentation of all the Expense related events that are publicly available on the public.concur.expense.report topic in ESS. Subscribers will be able to subscribe to these events by following the steps mentioned on the ESS Getting Started page.   

> **Limitations**: This event subscription is only available to partners who have been granted access by SAP Concur. Access to this documentation does not provide access to the subscription.
## <a name="scope-usage"></a>Scope Usage

No explicit scopes are required to subscribe to the expense report events but subsequent API calls that might be required upon receiving the events will require additional scopes. Please refer to the specific API documentation to identify the scopes required.

## <a name="events"></a>Events

This section will list all the publicly available events.

### <a name="status-changed-event"></a>Report Status Changed Event

The statusChanged event is intended to publish a message whenever the status of an expense report changes as it traverses in the approval workflow during its life cycle. Subscribers of the event are able to leverage the data in the message to perform synchronous or asynchronous actions depending on their business processes. For example, this could trigger an application to make API calls to SAP Concur or start of a process in a third party application.
The statusChanged event will always be published for the following status changes without any additional configuration: 

* Whenever a report is submitted.
* Whenever a report is sent back to the employee by  an approver/processor 
* Whenever a report is recalled by the employee
* Whenever a report stops in the legacy external validation step that is configured using the application connector.
* Whenever a report is paid.

In addition to the above, any workflow step configured for notifications by the administrator will also be published. Please refer to the **Procedure: Creating External Validations and Workflow Event Notifications** section of the **Workflow General - Setup Guide** for more information on how the events can be configured  and optimized. 

**Filtering of events by subscribers:**
* Subscribers interested only in the event when a report is submitted should filter by previousApprovalStatus attribute in the payload and should specifically filter for values A_NOTF and A_RESU
* Subscribers interested in the events when a report is recalled or sent back should filter by the stepCode attribute in the payload with a value of SENDBACK 
* Subscribers interested in the events when a report stops in the legacy external validation step should filter by the stepCode attribute in the payload with a value of EXTVAL
* Subscribers interested in the event when a report is paid should filter by the currentPaymentStatus attribute in the payload with a value of P_PAID
* Subscribers interested in all other events can filter by the stepCode attribute with the values entered by the administrator in the workflows Admin UI screens.

## <a name="schema"></a>Schema

### <a name="status-changed-event-payload-schema"></a>statusChangd Event Payload Schema

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`id`|`UUID`|[RFC 4122](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4122)|**Required** Randomly generated unique identifier of this event.
`correlationId`|`UUID`|[RFC 4122](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4122)|**Required** Concur unique identifier used for logging/traceability.
`eventType`|`string`|`string`|**Required** Event Type: "statusChanged" - Identifies the event type on the topic.
`topic`|`string`|`enum`|**Required** Identifies the topic which the event belongs to - "public.concur.expense.report"
`subtopic`|`string`|-|**Required** subtopic is assigned the company ID, which is also populated in facts as companyId
`timeStamp`|`timeStamp`|[RFC-3339](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339)|**Required** timeStamp is current system time (UTC) when the event notification is issued
`Facts`|`map`|[Facts Schema](#status-changed-event-payload-facts-schema)|**Required** Key-value pairs providing the content of the event
`transactionTimestamp`|`string`|[dateTime](#definition-dateTime)|A key linking to a definition for the format.
`arrayOfThings`|`array`|[Schema Two](#schema-two)|A key linking to another schema for the format.

### <a name="status-changed-event-payload-facts-schema"></a>Status Changed Facts Schema 

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`companyId`|`UUID`|[RFC 4122](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4122)|**Required** Company unique identifier from profile service.
`userId`|`UUID`|[RFC 4122](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4122)| Unique identifier from profile service for the User acting on the report resources. This may or may not be the report owner depending on the status change. This could be NULL when a system acts on the report.
`actingUserId`|`UUID`|[RFC 4122](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc4122)|User unique identifier from profile service - If delegate is working on report resources on behalf of the user then this will be populated, else it will be NULL.
`reportId`|`String`|20 char alphanumeric|**Required** Unique identifier of the expense report whose status has changed.
`previousApprovalStatus`|`String`|`enum`|**Required** Unique identifier of the previous appproval status of the expense report whose status has changed.
*  Not Submitted: A_NOTF 
* Sent Back to Employee: A_RESU  
* Recalled by Employee: A_RESU
* Submitted & Pending Approval: A_PEND
* Approved: A_APPR
* Pending External Validation: A_EXTV
* Pending Budget Approval: A_PBDG
* Pending Cost Object Approval: A_PECO
* Approved & In Accounting Review: A_ACCO|
`currentApprovalStatus`|`String`|`enum`|**Required** Unique identifier of the current appproval status of the expense report whose status has changed.
* Sent Back to Employee: A_RESU
* Recalled by Employee: A_RESU
* Submitted & Pending Approval: A_PEND
* Approved: A_APPR
* Pending External Validation: A_EXTV
* Pending Budget Approval: A_PBDG
* Pending Cost Object Approval: A_PECO
* Approved & In Accounting Review: A_ACCO|
`previousPaymentStatus`|`String`|`enum`|**Required** Unique identifier of the previous payment status of the expense report whose status has changed.
* Not Paid: P_NOTP
* Payment Confirmed: P_PAYC
* Processing Payment: P_PROC|
`currentPaymentStatus`|`String`|`enum`|**Required** Unique identifier of the current payment status of the expense report whose status has changed.
* Not Paid: P_NOTP
* Paid: P_PAID
* Payment Confirmed: P_PAYC
* Processing Payment: P_PROC|
`stepCode`|`String`|`enum`| Code provided by the admin which the client can use to differentiate between the steps.
* Report Submit  - If the target step is not configured for notifications, then step code will be NULL
* Report Send Back or Report Recall - SENDBACK
* Legacy External validation post submit - EXTVAL  
* Legacy External validation pre-extract - EXTVAL 
* Report Paid  - If the target step is not configured for notifications, then step code will be PAIDREPORT

All other cases code step code as configured by admin in workflow configuration will be populated| 

`href`|`string`|[RFC 3986](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3986)|URI of the report resource that can be called via the v4 API.

## <a name="sample-events"></a>Sample Events

```json
{
  "id": "0490b3fb-04ad-4919-b299-afb9fa75e07c",
  "correlationId": "7e38939d-62f1-4bb4-9eef-5ea71fcbb1d8",
  "eventType": "statusChanged",
  "topic": "public.concur.expense.report",
  "timeStamp": "2021-03-18T23:11:51.034Z",
  "subtopic": "685fa226-b72d-47f9-b9ad-e621de12d094",
  "facts": {
    "currentApprovalStatus": "A_PEND",
    "companyId": "685fa226-b72d-47f9-b9ad-e621de12d094",
    "reportId": "57EE1FDA348046E8A08B",
    "stepCode": null,
    "currentPaymentStatus": "P_NOTP",
    "previousApprovalStatus": "A_NOTF",
    "actingUserId": null,
    "href": "https://us.api.concursolutions.com/expensereports/v4/users/08a39ab2-9998-465d-b2f7-588dbe636ce2/context/TRAVELER/reports/57EE1FDA348046E8A08B",
    "userId": "08a39ab2-9998-465d-b2f7-588dbe636ce2",
    "previousPaymentStatus": "P_NOTP"
  }
},
{
  "id": "3eabdcbf-07df-4acd-99de-7f5aef0f673d",
  "correlationId": "Viswa-test",
  "eventType": "statusChanged",
  "topic": "public.concur.expense.report",
  "timeStamp": "2021-03-19T00:37:39.550Z",
  "subtopic": "0ffa9ce0-f00b-408a-8344-8eaad502b0d7",
  "facts": {
    "currentApprovalStatus": "A_APPR",
    "companyId": "0ffa9ce0-f00b-408a-8344-8eaad502b0d7",
    "reportId": "1B5A6194DFB047DAB0BD",
    "stepCode": "EXRTREADY",
    "currentPaymentStatus": "P_PROC",
    "previousApprovalStatus": "A_ACCO",
    "actingUserId": null,
    "href": "https://us.api.concursolutions.com/expensereports/v4/users/22f91cc6-581c-488c-8573-d2c208136d8b/context/TRAVELER/reports/1B5A6194DFB047DAB0BD",
    "userId": "13fa626b-9563-4013-886c-9fd730545277",
    "previousPaymentStatus": "P_NOTP"
  }
},
{
  "id": "be3a6976-00e7-4b06-9c95-b4f2c3330ea6",
  "correlationId": "Viswa-test",
  "eventType": "statusChanged",
  "topic": "public.concur.expense.report",
  "timeStamp": "2021-03-19T01:11:57.169Z",
  "subtopic": "0ffa9ce0-f00b-408a-8344-8eaad502b0d7",
  "facts": {
    "currentApprovalStatus": "A_RESU",
    "companyId": "0ffa9ce0-f00b-408a-8344-8eaad502b0d7",
    "reportId": "1B5A6194DFB047DAB0BD",
    "stepCode": "SENDBACK",
    "currentPaymentStatus": "P_NOTP",
    "previousApprovalStatus": "A_ACCO",
    "actingUserId": null,
    "href": "https://us.api.concursolutions.com/expensereports/v4/users/22f91cc6-581c-488c-8573-d2c208136d8b/context/TRAVELER/reports/1B5A6194DFB047DAB0BD",
    "userId": "22f91cc6-581c-488c-8573-d2c208136d8b",
    "previousPaymentStatus": "P_NOTP"
  }
}
```
