---
title: Concur Request Event
layout: reference
---

# Concur Request Event

* [Overview](#overview)
* [Limitations](#limitations)
* [Scope Usage](#scope-usage)
* [Events](#events)
  * [Report Status Changed](#status-changed-event)
* [Schema](#schema)
  * [Status Changed Event Payload](#status-changed-event-payload-schema)
  * [Status Changed Event Payload Facts](#status-changed-event-payload-facts-schema)
* [Sample Events](#sample-events)

## <a name="overview"></a>Overview

This page will host the documentation for all the Concur Request related events that are publicly available on the `public.concur.request` topic in the Event Subscription Service (ESS). Subscribers will be able to subscribe to these events by following the steps described on the [Event Subscription Service v4](/api-reference/ess/v4.event-subscription.html) page.   

Concur Request related events are relevant for applications that are interacting with travelers before they book their trip, such as applications that context to the traveler regarding company policy, preferences, or general compliance requirements for booking travel.

## <a name="limitations"></a>Limitations

This event subscription is only available to partners who have been granted access by SAP Concur. Access to this documentation does not provide access to the subscription.

## <a name="scope-usage"></a>Scope Usage

Name|Description
---|---
`travel.request.write`|Read and write Requests.

## <a name="events"></a>Events

This section lists all the publicly available events.

### <a name="status-changed-event"></a>Report Status Changed Event

The `statusChanged` event is intended to publish a message whenever the status of a Request changes as it traverses the approval workflow during its life cycle. Subscribers of the event are able to leverage the data in the message to perform synchronous or asynchronous actions depending on their business processes. For example, this could trigger an application to make API calls to Concur Request or start of a process in a third party application.

The `statusChanged` event will always be published for the following status changes without any additional configuration:

* Whenever a Request is submitted.
* Whenever a Request is sent back to the employee by an approver/processor.
* Whenever a Request is recalled by the employee.
* Whenever a Request is closed.
* Whenever a Request is reopened.
* Whenever a Request is cancelled.
* Whenever a Request stops in the legacy external validation step that is. configured using the application connector.

In addition to the above, any workflow step configured for notifications by the administrator will also be published. Please refer to the **Procedure: Creating External Validations and Workflow Event Notifications** section of the [Workflow General - Setup Guide](https://www.concurtraining.com/customers/tech_pubs/Docs/_Current/SG_Req/Req_SG_Workflows.pdf) for more information on how the events can be configured and optimized.

## <a name="schema"></a>Schema

### <a name="status-changed-event-payload-schema"></a>statusChangd Event Payload Schema

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`id`|`string`|`UUID`|Randomly generated unique identifier of this the event.
`correlationId`|`string`|`UUID`|SAP Concur unique identifier used for logging/traceability.
`eventType`|`string`|-|`statusChange` for Request workflow updates. <br> Approved: `statusChange.APPROVED` <br> Canceled: `statusChange.CANCELED` <br> Sent Back / Recalled: `statusChange.SENTBACK` <br> TMC agent (REQ_PROCESSOR1): `statusChange.PENDING.TMC` <br> Request Manager (REQ_MANAGER): `statusChange.PENDING.RequestManager` <br> Request Auditor (REQ_PROCESSOR3): `statusChange.PENDING.RequestAuditor` <br> Cost Object Approver (CO_APPROVE): `statusChange.PENDING.CostObjectApprover` <br> Authorized Approver (AUTH_APPROVE): `statusChange.PENDING.AuthorizedApprover` <br> Budget approver/manager (BDGT_APPROVE): `statusChange.PENDING.BudgetManager` <br> Risk Manager (RISK_PROCESSOR): `statusChange.PENDING.RiskManager` <br> Request Administrator (REQ_PROCESSOR_2): `statusChange.PENDING.RequestAdministrator` <br> External validation: `statusChange.PENDING.ExternalValidation` <br> Custom status: `statusChange.PENDING`.`role` (part of workflow roles)
`topic`|`string`|-|Topic name for subscription. Supported value: `public.concur.request`
`subTopic`|`string`|-|**Do not use**.
`timeStamp`|`string`|`date/time`|The date the event was generated in UTC.
`groups`|`string`|`date/time`|`travelAgencyUuid` linked to the Request.
`scopes`|`string`|`date/time`|Supported value: `travel.request.write`
`facts`|`map`|[`Request Facts`](#status-changed-event-payload-facts-schema)|Key-value pairs providing the content of the event.

### <a name="status-changed-event-payload-facts-schema"></a>Status Changed Facts Schema

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`href`|`string`|-|Hyperlink to the v4 API resource for this Request (based on datacenter).
`id`|`string`|-|Unique identifier of the Request.
`requestId`|`string`|-|Public key of the Request (unique per customer). This  corresponds to the short ID of the Request (alphanumeric).
`companyId`|`string`|-|Unique identifier of the company of the traveler, from the profile service.
`role`|`string`|-|TMC agent: `TMC` <br>Request Manager: `RequestManager` <br>Request Auditor: `RequestAuditor` <br>Cost Object Approver (COA): `CostObjectApprover` <br>Authorized Approver: `AuthorizedApprover` <br>Budget approver/manager: `BudgetManager` <br>Risk Manager: `RiskManager` <br>Request Administrator: `RequestAdministrator` <br>External validation: `ExternalValidation`
`currentApprovalStatus`|`string`|-|Pending TMC agent: `numerical` (example 002003) <br>Pending Request Manager: `Q_PEND` <br>Pending Request Auditor: `Q_PEND` <br>Pending Cost Object Approver: `Q_PECO` <br>Pending Authorized Approver: `Q_PEND` <br>Pending Budget approver/manager: `Q_PBDG` <br>Pending Risk Manager: `Q_PEND` <br>Pending Request Administrator: `Q_PEND` <br>Pending External validation: `Q_EXTV` <br>Pending Custom step: `numerical`
`policyId`|`string`|-|Unique identifier of the policy that applies to the Request.
`actingUserId`|`string`|-|Unique identifier of the user performing the action. This is not displayed if the action is performed by the Request owner.
`userId`|`string`|-|Unique identifier of the owner of the Request.
`recipientId`|`string`|-|Unique identifier of the user to whom the Request is pending approval. This is not displayed if the Request is, for example, approved or pending a generic step such as TMC step.
`isClosed`|`boolean`|`true`/`false`|If `true`, the Request is at the CLOSED status.
`isTest`|`boolean`|`true`/`false`|If `true`, the user is a test user.
`status`|`string`|`enum`|Approved: `APPROVED` <br>Canceled: `CANCELED` <br>Sent Back / Recalled: `SENTBACK` <br>Pending TMC agent: `PendingTMCApproval` <br>Pending Request Manager: `PendingRequestManagerApproval` <br>Request Auditor: `PendingRequestAuditorApproval` <br>Pending Cost Object Approver: `PendingCostObjectApproverApproval` <br>Pending Authorized Approver: `PendingAuthorizedApproverApproval` <br>Pending Budget approver/manager: `PendingBudgetManagerApproval` <br>Pending Risk Manager: `PendingRiskManagerApproval` <br>Pending Request Administrator: `PendingRequestAdministratorApproval` <br>Pending External validation: `PendingExternalValidation`
`stepCode`|`String`|`enum`|Code provided by the admin that the client can use to differentiate between the steps. <br>Request Submit: if the target step (the next workflow step that the request stops at) is not configured for notifications, then step code will be `NULL`. <br>Request Send Back or Report Recall - `SENDBACK` <br>Legacy External validation post submit - `EXTVAL` <br>Legacy External validation pre-extract - `EXTVAL` <br>All other cases code step code as configured by admin in workflow configuration will be populated.
`entityId`|`String`|`alphanumeric`|Unique Identifier of the Concur Entity. A valid EntityID pattern is [pdt][a-zA-Z0-9] {5,31}. It starts with p - production / d - demo/ t- test. It consists of a-zA-Z0-9 with length at least 5 but no more than 31 characters.

## <a name="sample-events"></a>Sample Events

```json
{
    "id": "c19290aa-6eba-4f22-9736-ffc9ddfa8e7b",
    "correlationId": "800832c2-9467-4bb8-9c5b-3977d12975e7",
    "eventType": "statusChange.PENDING.RequestManager",
    "topic": "concur.request",
    "timeStamp": "2019-01-04T14:06:07.117Z",
    "data": null,
    "subtopic": null,
    "facts": {
        "companyId": "cef1dee9-c4d9-4bd0-9237-01a3978bfda4",
        "isClosed": "false",
        "isTest": "false",
        "recipientId": "55b671dd-ee55-4817-a228-90f5077ec61c",
        "requestId": "LLU9",
        "actingUserId": "ee4a3a2a-2f7a-482c-abd6-82435c9b20c4",
        "id": "61BA94410046F747910760EA925A7CE6",
        "href": "https://sea-raas.concurasp.com/v4/requests/61BA94410046F747910760EA925A7CE6",
        "userId": "6136f053-0cfc-49a4-80d2-e20383c27215",
        "entityId":"p006zecvr9",
        "policyId":"F4C8BD31CA9D4D6292795BE687EB9B2A",
        "status": "PendingRequestManagerApproval",
        "role" : "RequestManager",
        "currentApprovalStatus": "Q_PEND",
        "stepCode": "PENDMGRA"
    }
},
{
    "id": "87087aa8-6729-4d8a-804c-85294ab038fc",
    "correlationId": "5ee7f56c-95f8-4bec-8cc4-536161411c74",
    "eventType": "statusChange.APPROVED",
    "topic": "concur.request",
    "timeStamp": "2019-01-04T14:06:07.934Z",
    "data": null,
    "subtopic": null,
    "facts": {
        "companyId": "39d88963-dd68-4be2-9a2d-b5843e6247bd",
        "isClosed": "false",
        "isTest": "false",
        "requestId": "CN4T",
        "actingUserId": "55b671dd-ee55-4817-a228-90f5077ec61c",
        "id": "E1D6A41596D5B04F87F991E66CFBD3F9",
        "href": "https://sea-raas.concurasp.com/v4/requests/E1D6A41596D5B04F87F991E66CFBD3F9",
        "userId": "6136f053-0cfc-49a4-80d2-e20383c27215",
        "entityId":"p006zecvr9",
        "policyId":"F4C8BD31CA9D4D6292795BE687EB9B2A",
        "status": "APPROVED",
        "role" : "",
        "currentApprovalStatus" : "",
        "stepCode": "REQAPPR"
    }
},
{
    "id": "5880f720-c615-46bc-82cf-dda4e17801eb",
    "correlationId": "6ca7794c-bd91-44ae-86ac-d0f59e1f38c7",
    "eventType": "statusChange.PENDING.TMC",
    "topic": "concur.request",
    "timeStamp": "2019-02-28T12:26:58.049Z",
    "data": null,
    "subtopic": null,
    "facts": {
        "companyId": "39d88963-dd68-4be2-9a2d-b5843e6247bd",
        "isClosed": "false",
        "isTest": "false",
        "requestId": "3334",
        "actingUserId": "6136f053-0cfc-49a4-80d2-e20383c27215",
        "id": "E3DB373BA8A52341AFCA01860B4FC9B6",
        "href": "https://sea-raas.concurasp.com/v4/requests/E3DB373BA8A52341AFCA01860B4FC9B6",
        "userId": "6136f053-0cfc-49a4-80d2-e20383c27215",
        "entityId":"p006zecvr9",
        "policyId":"F4C8BD31CA9D4D6292795BE687EB9B2A",
        "status": "PendingTMCApproval",
        "role": "TMC",
        "currentApprovalStatus" : "002003",
        "stepCode": "PENDTMCA"
    }
}
```
