---
title: Concur Expense Event
layout: reference
---

* [Overview](#overview)
* [Scope Usage](#scope-usage)
* [Events](#events)
  * [Report Status Changed](#status-changed-event)
* [Schema](#schema)
  * [Status Changed Event Payload](#status-changed-event-payload-schema)
  * [Status Changed Event Payload Facts](#status-changed-event-payload-facts-schema)
* [Sample Events](#sample-events)

## <a name="overview"></a>Overview

This page will host the documentation for all the Concur Expense related events that are publicly available on the `public.concur.expense.report` topic in the Event Subscription Service (ESS). Subscribers will be able to subscribe to these events by following the steps described on the [Event Subscription Service v4](/api-reference/ess/v4.event-subscription.html) page.   

> **Limitations**: This event subscription is only available to partners who have been granted access by SAP Concur. Access to this documentation does not provide access to the subscription.

## <a name="scope-usage"></a>Scope Usage

Name|Description
---|---
`expense.report.read`|Get information about expense reports.
`expense.report.readwrite`|Read and write expense report headers.

## <a name="events"></a>Events

This section lists all the publicly available events.

### <a name="status-changed-event"></a>Report Status Changed Event

The `statusChanged` event is intended to publish a message whenever the status of an expense report changes as it traverses the approval workflow during its life cycle. Subscribers of the event are able to leverage the data in the message to perform synchronous or asynchronous actions depending on their business processes. For example, this could trigger an application to make API calls to Concur Expense or start of a process in a third party application.

The `statusChanged` event will always be published for the following status changes without any additional configuration:

* Whenever a report is submitted.
* Whenever a report is sent back to the employee by an approver/processor.
* Whenever a report is recalled by the employee.
* Whenever a report stops in the legacy external validation step that is configured using the application connector.
* Whenever a report is paid.

In addition to the above, any workflow step configured for notifications by the administrator will also be published. Please refer to the **Procedure: Creating External Validations and Workflow Event Notifications** section of the [Workflow General - Setup Guide](https://www.concurtraining.com/customers/tech_pubs/Docs/_Current/SG_Exp/Exp_SG_Workflow_General.pdf) for more information on how the events can be configured  and optimized.

**Filtering of events by subscribers:**

* Subscribers only interested in the report submitted event should filter by `previousApprovalStatus` attribute in the payload and should specifically filter for values `A_NOTF` and `A_RESU`.
* Subscribers interested in the report recalled or sent back events should filter by the `stepCode` attribute in the payload with a value of `SENDBACK`.
* Subscribers interested in the reports that are pending processing in the legacy external validation step events should filter by the `stepCode` attribute in the payload with a value of `EXTVAL`.
* Subscribers interested in the paid report events should filter by the `currentPaymentStatus` attribute in the payload with a value of `P_PAID`.
* Subscribers interested in all other events can filter by the `stepCode` attribute with the values entered by the administrator in the workflows Admin UI screens.

## <a name="schema"></a>Schema

### <a name="status-changed-event-payload-schema"></a>statusChangd Event Payload Schema

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`id`|`UUID`|RFC 4122|**Required** Randomly generated unique identifier of this event.
`correlationId`|`UUID`|RFC 4122|**Required** Unique identifier used for logging/traceability.
`eventType`|`string`|`string`|**Required** Event Type: `statusChanged` - Identifies the event type on the topic.
`topic`|`string`|`enum`|**Required** Identifies the topic that the event belongs to `public.concur.expense.report`.
`subtopic`|`string`|-|**Required** Subtopic is assigned the company ID, which is also populated as `companyId`.
`timeStamp`|`timeStamp`|RFC 3339|**Required** Current system time (UTC) when the event notification is issued.
`Facts`|`map`|[Facts Schema](#status-changed-event-payload-facts-schema)|**Required** Key-value pairs providing the content of the event.
`transactionTimestamp`|`string`|[`dateTime`](#definition-dateTime)|A key linking to a definition for the format.
`arrayOfThings`|`array`|[`Schema Two`](#schema-two)|A key linking to another schema for the format.

### <a name="status-changed-event-payload-facts-schema"></a>Status Changed Facts Schema

Name|Type|Format|Description
---|---|---|---
`companyId`|`UUID`|RFC 4122|**Required** Company unique identifier from profile service.
`userId`|`UUID`|RFC 4122|Unique identifier from profile service for the User acting on the report resources. This may or may not be the report owner depending on the status change. This could be `NULL` when a system acts on the report.
`actingUserId`|`UUID`|RFC 4122|User unique identifier from profile service - If delegate or expense proxy is working on report resources on behalf of the user then this will be populated, else it will be `NULL`.
`reportId`|`String`|`alphanumeric`|**Required** Unique identifier of the expense report whose status has changed. Maximum characters: 20
`previousApprovalStatus`|`String`|`enum`|**Required** Unique identifier of the previous approval status of the expense report whose status has changed. Supported values: <br>Not Submitted - `A_NOTF`, <br>Sent Back to Employee - `A_RESU`, <br>Recalled by Employee - `A_RESU`, <br>Submitted & Pending Approval - `A_PEND`, <br>Approved - `A_APPR`, <br>Pending External Validation - `A_EXTV`, <br>Pending Budget Approval - `A_PBDG`, <br>Pending Cost Object Approval - `A_PECO`, <br>Approved & In Accounting Review - `A_ACCO`|
`currentApprovalStatus`|`String`|`enum`|**Required** Unique identifier of the current approval status of the expense report whose status has changed. Supported values: <br>Sent Back to Employee - `A_RESU`, <br>Recalled by Employee: `A_RESU`, <br>Submitted & Pending Approval: `A_PEND`, <br>Approved: `A_APPR`, <br>Pending External Validation: `A_EXTV`, <br>Pending Budget Approval: `A_PBDG`, <br>Pending Cost Object Approval: `A_PECO`, <br>Approved & In Accounting Review: `A_ACCO`|
`previousPaymentStatus`|`String`|`enum`|**Required** Unique identifier of the previous payment status of the expense report whose status has changed. Supported values: <br>Not Paid - `P_NOTP`, <br>Processing Payment - `P_PROC`, <br>Payment Confirmed - `P_PAYC` (may depend on configuration)|
`currentPaymentStatus`|`String`|`enum`|**Required** Unique identifier of the current payment status of the expense report whose status has changed. Supported values: <br>Not Paid - `P_NOTP`, <br>Processing Payment -`P_PROC`, <br>Paid - `P_PAID`, <br>Payment Confirmed - `P_PAYC`(may depend on configuration)|
`stepCode`|`String`|`enum`| Code provided by the admin that the client can use to differentiate between the steps. <br>Report Submit  - If the target step (the next workflow step that the report stops at) is not configured for notifications, then step code will be `NULL`. <br>Report Send Back or Report Recall - `SENDBACK` <br>Legacy External validation post submit - `EXTVAL` <br>Legacy External validation pre-extract - `EXTVAL` <br>Report Paid  - If the target step (the next workflow step that the report stops at) is not configured for notifications, then step code will be `PAIDREPORT`. <br>All other cases code step code as configured by admin in workflow configuration will be populated.|
`href`|`string`|RFC 3986|URI of the report resource that can be called via the Expense v4 API.

## <a name="sample-events"></a>Sample Events

```json
{
  "id": "0490b3fb-04ad-4919-b299-afb9fa75e07c",
  "correlationId": "7e38939d-62f1-4bb4-9eef-5ea71fcbb1d8",
  "eventType": "statusChanged",
  "topic": "public.concur.expense.report",
  "timeStamp": "2021-03-18T23:11:51.034Z",
  "subtopic": "685fa226-b72d-47f9-b9ad-e621de12d094",
  "facts": {
    "currentApprovalStatus": "A_PEND",
    "companyId": "685fa226-b72d-47f9-b9ad-e621de12d094",
    "reportId": "57EE1FDA348046E8A08B",
    "stepCode": null,
    "currentPaymentStatus": "P_NOTP",
    "previousApprovalStatus": "A_NOTF",
    "actingUserId": null,
    "href": "https://us.api.concursolutions.com/expensereports/v4/users/08a39ab2-9998-465d-b2f7-588dbe636ce2/context/TRAVELER/reports/57EE1FDA348046E8A08B",
    "userId": "08a39ab2-9998-465d-b2f7-588dbe636ce2",
    "previousPaymentStatus": "P_NOTP"
  }
},
{
  "id": "3eabdcbf-07df-4acd-99de-7f5aef0f673d",
  "correlationId": "Viswa-test",
  "eventType": "statusChanged",
  "topic": "public.concur.expense.report",
  "timeStamp": "2021-03-19T00:37:39.550Z",
  "subtopic": "0ffa9ce0-f00b-408a-8344-8eaad502b0d7",
  "facts": {
    "currentApprovalStatus": "A_APPR",
    "companyId": "0ffa9ce0-f00b-408a-8344-8eaad502b0d7",
    "reportId": "1B5A6194DFB047DAB0BD",
    "stepCode": "EXRTREADY",
    "currentPaymentStatus": "P_PROC",
    "previousApprovalStatus": "A_ACCO",
    "actingUserId": null,
    "href": "https://us.api.concursolutions.com/expensereports/v4/users/22f91cc6-581c-488c-8573-d2c208136d8b/context/TRAVELER/reports/1B5A6194DFB047DAB0BD",
    "userId": "13fa626b-9563-4013-886c-9fd730545277",
    "previousPaymentStatus": "P_NOTP"
  }
},
{
  "id": "be3a6976-00e7-4b06-9c95-b4f2c3330ea6",
  "correlationId": "Viswa-test",
  "eventType": "statusChanged",
  "topic": "public.concur.expense.report",
  "timeStamp": "2021-03-19T01:11:57.169Z",
  "subtopic": "0ffa9ce0-f00b-408a-8344-8eaad502b0d7",
  "facts": {
    "currentApprovalStatus": "A_RESU",
    "companyId": "0ffa9ce0-f00b-408a-8344-8eaad502b0d7",
    "reportId": "1B5A6194DFB047DAB0BD",
    "stepCode": "SENDBACK",
    "currentPaymentStatus": "P_NOTP",
    "previousApprovalStatus": "A_ACCO",
    "actingUserId": null,
    "href": "https://us.api.concursolutions.com/expensereports/v4/users/22f91cc6-581c-488c-8573-d2c208136d8b/context/TRAVELER/reports/1B5A6194DFB047DAB0BD",
    "userId": "22f91cc6-581c-488c-8573-d2c208136d8b",
    "previousPaymentStatus": "P_NOTP"
  }
}
```
