---
title: SAP Concur Developer Center - API Release Notes 2013
layout: reference
---

* [December](#december)
* [October](#october)
* [September](#september)
* [August](#august)
* [July](#july)
* [June](#june)
* [May](#may)
* [February](#february)

## <a name="december"></a>December 2013

### General Updates

#### Concur App Center: App Details Page Updated

##### Business Purpose

Improve the user experience in the App Center Listing Details page.

##### Overview

There is an improved user interface for the App Center Listing Details page:

* The Partner Website link under RESOURCES has been renamed Learn More.
* The Data Sheet link under RESOURCES has been renamed Brochure.
* The Partner Information section has been removed.
* The links under RESOURCES, which includes the Contact Support link, and the application details under DETAILS are now displayed consistently on the right-hand side of the App Details page for all Apps For Me and Apps For My Company applications.

#### Concur’s Platform Now Supports Agency Proposals Functionality

##### Business Purpose

New enhancements to the Travel Request and Itinerary web services enable a TMC to post travel proposals to Concur Connect based on a user’s travel request.

##### Overview

The Travel Request and Itinerary web services have been modified to support Concur’s Agency Proposal functionality. An agency proposal is a set of segments that the TMC has booked or selected in response to the travel request submitted by the user. These enhancements enable a TMC to post up to three agency proposals to Concur Connect.

> For more information, refer to the Travel Request and Itinerary web services documentation at http://developer.concur.com.

### Web Services

#### Travel Profile Now Supports TripLink Discount Codes

##### Overview

The Travel Profile web service has been enhanced to enable travel suppliers to retrieve TripLink discount codes. The Travel Profile endpoint returns either the TripLink discount code or the regular discount code for the specified user.

> For more information, refer to the Travel Profile web service documentation at http://developer.concur.com.

##### Configuration

The Travel Supplier must be registered with Concur before using the Travel Profile web service. The Concur client must have purchased TripLink and configured the TripLink discount codes for their company. If both the regular discount code and the TripLink discount code are configured, the Travel Profile web service returns the TripLink code.

> For more information, refer to the Concur Core Concepts information at http://developer.concur.com.

#### Invoice Vendor Web Service Now Available

Overview

The Concur Invoice Vendor web service allows clients to search all vendors and get vendor information. The vendor list returned depends on the group ownership of the access token.

The client remains the Vendor system-of-record. The web service provides real-time access to Vendor data.

> For more information, refer to the Invoice Vendor web service documentation at http://developer.concur.com.

Business Purpose

This new web service allows Invoice clients to search and get vendor records.

Business Purpose

This enhancement enables travel suppliers to view TripLink discount codes.

Configuration

A partner application must be created and registered with Concur before developers can use this feature.

> For more information, refer to the Concur Core Concepts information at http://developer.concur.com.

#### Itinerary: Updates to Enable Posting Itineraries with Time Zone Information

Overview

Concur has updated the Itinerary web service to enable developers to post itineraries using Windows or Olson time zone names.

> For more information, refer to the Itinerary web service documentation at http://developer.concur.com.

#### Itinerary: Updates to Support Agency Proposal Functionality

Overview

Concur has updated the Itinerary web service to support the Agency Proposal functionality.

This update includes the following features:

* Ability to classify the type of itinerary a user requests and uniquely identify each proposal the TMC makes in response to the travel request
* Two new Trip Status values to separate proposals from booked itineraries
* A new CustomAttributes parent element with two CustomAttributes child elements. The CustomAttribute elements contain information that identifies the proposal, in these child elements: DataType, Name, Data, and DisplayOnItinerary.

> For more information, refer to the Itinerary web service documentation at http://developer.concur.com.

Business Purpose

This enhancement supports the Agency Proposal feature.

Business Purpose

This enhancement enables suppliers to post itineraries with time zone information.

#### Travel Request: Updates to Support Agency Proposal Functionality

Overview

Concur has updated the Travel Request web service to allow TMCs to view approved or cancelled travel requests for all companies. The v3 Get Travel Requests API now supports the following statuses:

* PENDINGPROPOSAL
* PROPOSALAPPROVED
* PROPOSALCANCELED

Configuration

The TMCs can access the requests if these conditions are met:

* The request’s agency office is the same as the TMC’s configured office (in their user profile).
* The request’s agency office is configured to use the Agency Proposal feature.

> For more information, refer to the Travel Request web service documentation at http://developer.concur.com.

### Direct Connect

#### Hotel: New Version Now Available

Overview

Concur has updated the Hotel direct connect to a version 6e. The new version includes the following functionality:

* Profile field values are now shared with the vendor in the CustomField elements within the TPA_Extensions element in the HotelReservation parent element. These elements are only provided if the vendor is configured to receive the profile elements, and the travel configuration is configured to provide them to the vendor.
* The GuaranteeRequired element has been added to the Post Availability Search response. This element specifies whether a credit card deposit is required, and will be set to one of these values:
* always: When booking this rate, user will be asked for credit card (even if a deposit account is specified).

Business Purpose

This enhancement provides more information to the end user and the Hotel vendor.

Business Purpose

This enhancement supports the Agency Proposal feature.

* never: When booking this rate, user will not be asked for credit card (even if a deposit account is not specified).
* default (or not present at all): When booking this rate, user will be asked for credit card if a deposit account is not specified.

> For more information, refer to the Hotel direct connect documentation at http://developer.concur.com.

Configuration

A partner application must be created and registered with Concur before developers can use this feature.

> For more information, refer to the Concur Core Concepts information at http://developer.concur.com.

### E-Receipt Service

#### Post Receipts: Ride Receipt Generally Available and New Element

Overview

Concur has released the first receipt type for the E-Receipt Service. The Ride receipt type is now available for ground transportation receipt providers to use. Additionally, Concur has updated the Post Receipts API to include a new element for the General receipt type, SpendCategoryCode, that developers must send to specify the type of expense.

* Refer to the E-Receipt service documentation at http://developer.concur.com for more information.

Configuration

The e-receipt providers must be registered with Concur before they can send receipt information to the service.

* Refer to the E-Receipt service documentation at http://developer.concur.com for more information.

Business Purpose

This enhancement makes the first receipt type generally available, and provides a way for providers to categorize General receipts.

### Resolved Issues

Issue Area Description

Apps For Me and Apps For My Business

When exploring applications under Apps For Me and Apps For My Company in the Concur App Center, users did not see applications that were relevant to them.

Travel Profile Web Service

Posting a new Loyalty Program number to a user with an existing number caused the OAuth token to be invalidated.

Expense Report Web Service

The Get Expense Group Configuration endpoint was not returning the details for the Pending Card Transaction payment type.

Fetch Attendee

Changing the attendee type of the attendee search box to the configured Fetch Attendee type made the search fields read-only.
