---
title: SAP Concur Developer Center - API Release Notes, June 2019
layout: reference
---

## Contents

* [Planned Changes: Quick Expense v3 API Deprecation](#planned-quick-expense-v3-deprecation)
* [Planned Changes: Quick Expense v4 API Available](#planned-quick-expense-v4)
* [Planned Changes: Budget v4 API Soon Available](#planned-budget-v4)
* [Invoice Pay v4 API Available](#invoice-pay-v4)

## <a name="planned-quick-expense-v3-deprecation"></a>Planned Changes: Quick Expense v3 API Deprecation

SAP Concur will be deprecating the Quick Expense v3 API in a future release. This API will be replaced by Quick Expense v4. Developers using Quick Expense v3 should transition to Quick Expense v4 when it is available.

### Business Purpose / Client Benefit

The Quick Expense v3 API only supports the previous authentication method, and it provides access to some fields that are not necessary to expose. These issues are resolved with the new Quick Expense v4 API.

### Configuration / Feature Activation
The Quick Expense v3 API will be deprecated automatically in a future release, in accordance with the [SAP Concur API Lifecycle & Deprecation Policy](https://developer.concur.com/tools-support/deprecation-policy.html).

## <a name="planned-quick-expense-v4"></a>Planned Changes: Quick Expense v4 API Available

SAP Concur will be releasing Quick Expense v4 for partner and client use. Quick Expense v4 includes the following improvements over Quick Expense v3:

* **Secure authentication:** This API supports the current SAP Concur authentication method.
* **Multi-part messages:** A developer can post both the data & receipt image in a single call rather than separate calls required by v3.
* **Supports digitization status:** Quick expense v4 POST API supports the ebunsho timestamp requirement, if the client is using this functionality and has completed the required configuration in Concur Expense.
* **Global availability:** Quick expense v4 POST API is supported in all SAP Concur data centers.

Quick Expense v4 removes some of the functionality available in v3:

* **ReceiptImageID attribute will no longer be exposed:** This attribute may contain personally identifiable information and therefore has been removed to increase data security.
* **GET, PUT, and DELETE endpoints will no longer be exposed:** These endpoints are not provided in v4 as there is no known business need.

### Business Purpose / Client Benefit

This new version of the Quick Expense API supports the latest SAP Concur API authentication method, and provides several enhancements to the POST functionality.

### Configuration / Feature Activation

The Quick Expense v4 API will be available in a future release.  

## <a name="planned-budget-v4"></a>Planned Changes: Budget v4 API Soon Available

SAP Concur will release the Budget v4 API for partner and client use in a future release. Budget v4 provides the following features:

* **Fiscal Calendar:** This API can GET, POST, and DELETE fiscal years and periods similar to the Fiscal Calendar UI in Budget Configuration.
* **Budget Category:** This API can GET, POST, and DELETE budget categories, and GET all expense types of a budget category.
* **Budget Items:** This API can GET, POST, and DELETE budget items including details such as period amounts, budget item tracking fields (cost objects), budget viewers, managers, and approvers.
* **Budget Tracking Field:** This API can GET all budget tracking fields.
* **Budget Adjustment:** This API can POST budget adjustments.
* **Global availability:** Budget v4 API is supported in all SAP Concur data centers.

### Business Purpose / Client Benefit

This new Budget API enables clients and partners to integrate Budget with their
ERP and HR systems to automate budget configuration and maintenance as well as
importing external transactions not captured via SAP Concur through budget
adjustments.

### Configuration / Feature Activation

The Budget v4 API will be available to SAP Concur clients who have purchased Web
Services, or partners who have contracted with SAP Concur.

## <a name="invoice-pay-v4"></a>Invoice Pay v4 API Available

SAP Concur is releasing the [Invoice Pay v4](https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/invoice/v4.invoice-pay.html) API for payment partner use.

### Business Purpose / Client Benefit

The Invoice Pay API gives payment providers that are App Center partners the ability to integrate with SAP Concur to make invoice payments. This API allows payment providers to retrieve a list of payments that are authorized to be processed by them and send back the status of those payments to SAP Concur.
