---
title: SAP Concur Developer Center - API Release Notes, September 2019
layout: reference
---

## Contents

* [Planned Changes: Budget v4 API Soon Available](#planned-budget-v4)
* [Ongoing: Quick Expense v3 Retirement](#ongoing-quick-expense-v3)
* [Changes in Reports v3 API](#reports-v3)

## <a name="planned-budget-v4"></a>Planned Changes: Budget v4 API Soon Available

SAP Concur will release the Budget v4 API for partner and client use in a future release. Budget v4 provides the following features:

* **Fiscal Calendar:** This API can GET, POST, and DELETE fiscal years and periods similar to the Fiscal Calendar UI in Budget Configuration.
* **Budget Category:** This API can GET, POST, and DELETE budget categories, and GET all expense types of a budget category.
* **Budget Items:** This API can GET, POST, and DELETE budget items including details such as period amounts, budget item tracking fields (cost objects), budget viewers, managers, and approvers.
* **Budget Tracking Field:** This API can GET all budget tracking fields.
* **Budget Adjustment:** This API can POST budget adjustments.
* **Global Availability:** Budget v4 API is supported in all SAP Concur data centers.

### Business Purpose / Client Benefit

This new Budget API enables clients and partners to integrate Budget with their
ERP and HR systems to automate budget configuration and maintenance as well as
importing external transactions not captured via SAP Concur through budget
adjustments.

### Configuration / Feature Activation

The Budget v4 API will be available to SAP Concur clients who have purchased Web
Services, or partners who have contracted with SAP Concur.

## <a name="ongoing-quick-expense-v3"></a>Ongoing: Quick Expense v3 Retirement

Effective March 31, 2020, the Quick Expense v3 API will be retired. We encourage all current users to migrate to [Quick Expense v4](https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/expense/quick-expense/v4.quick-expense.html) as soon as possible. Please note that after the API is in a retired state the API will be decommissioned in a future release.

Please refer to the [deprecation policy](https://developer.concur.com/tools-support/deprecation-policy.html) for definitions and additional information.

### Business Purpose / Client Benefit

This update removes an outdated API.

## <a name="reports-v3"></a>Changes in Reports v3

SAP Concur has updated the Reports v3 API with the following change:

* The `costObject` query parameter has been removed.

### Business Purpose / Client Benefit

This parameter was not providing the necessary functionality and should not be used.
