---
title: SAP Concur Developer Center - API Release Notes, September 2020
layout: reference
---

## Contents

* [Ongoing: Retirement and Decommission of Existing Concur Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0, v3.1)](#ongoing-request-retirement)
* [Travel Profile Notification v1 API Deprecation](#travel-profile-deprecation)
* [Financial Integration Service v4 API Available](#fis-v4)

## <a name="ongoing-request-retirement"></a>Ongoing: Retirement and Decommission of Existing Concur Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0, v3.1)

Effective December 1, 2020, SAP Concur will be retiring the existing Concur Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0, and v3.1). These APIs are replaced by the Concur Request v4 API.

### Business Purpose / Client Benefit

The Concur Request APIs v1.0, v3.0, and v3.1 only support the previous authentication method, which is not best security practice and does not meet the Oauth2 standards. In addition, the previous versions of the Concur Request APIs provided limited possibilities for moving a Request through the approval workflow, as well as managing custom simple & connected list fields. These issues are resolved with the new Concur Request v4 API.

In addition, SAP Concur has run a backward compatibility project between the current Concur Request APIs and the new Concur Request v4 API (not iso-compatibility) in order to have the vast majority of use cases managed in the previous versions also be managed in the Concur Request v4 API.

## <a name="travel-profile-deprecation"></a>Travel Profile Notification v1 API Deprecation

SAP Concur is deprecating the Travel Profile Notification v1 APIs due to low usage.

### Business Purpose / Client Benefit

The Travel Profile Notification v1 APIs support older, less secure authentication methods.

### Configuration / Feature Activation

The Travel Profile v1 APIs is being deprecated in accordance with the [SAP Concur API Lifecycle & Deprecation Policy](https://developer.concur.com/tools-support/deprecation-policy.html).

## <a name="fis-v4"></a>Financial Integration Service v4 API Available

The Financial Integration Service (FIS) allows an external system to interact with financial documents generated from SAP Concur, for financial postings into their financial system.
This service provides an automated solution to request available data objects such as approved expense reports, cash advances, and invoices to import to the client internal system, with an opportunity to send posting confirmation back into SAP Concur before the object is locked down and cannot be altered in SAP Concur.

### Business Purpose / Client Benefit

With FIS there are several benefits:

* A complete E2E workflow of the expense report and spend visibility between SAP Concur and ERP.
* The client ERP can now send posting feedback to SAP Concur via bi-directional communication.
* Posting feedback is captured in SAP Concur where reports can be either modified or sent back to employee for correction, and automatic reposting to the ERP.
* Improved accuracy and synchronization between systems.
* No more overnight processing as this process provides the client with near real-time posting and feedback.

### Configuration / Feature Activation

The Financial Integration feature is available for all clients using Expense and Invoice for Professional and Standard Editions. This setting is only visible to the SAP Concur Internal users who log into the company as SAP Concur admin from HMC. Invoice Standard customers should reach out to their Concur representative to receive more information on implementation. Clients will need to reach out to their PM to enable the FI feature.
