---
title: SAP Concur Developer Center - API Update, April 2020
layout: reference
---

## Contents

* [Ongoing: Quick Expense v1 and Quick Expense v3 Retirement and Decommission](#ongoing-quick-expense-v3)
* [Ongoing: Retirement and Decommission of Existing Concur Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0, v3.1)](#ongoing-request-retirement)
* [Budget v4 API Available](#budget-v4)
* [New SSL Certificate for concursolutions.com](#ssl-cert)

## <a name="ongoing-quick-expense-v3"></a>Ongoing: Quick Expense v1 and Quick Expense v3 Retirement and Decommission

Effective March 31, 2020, the Quick Expense v1 and Quick Expense v3 APIs were retired and decommissioned. We encourage all current users to migrate to [Quick Expense v4](https://developer.concur.com/api-reference/expense/quick-expense/v4.quick-expense.html) as soon as possible.

Please refer to the [deprecation policy](https://developer.concur.com/tools-support/deprecation-policy.html) for definitions and additional information.

### Business Purpose / Client Benefit

This update removed two outdated APIs.

## <a name="ongoing-request-retirement"></a>Ongoing: Retirement and Decommission of Existing Concur Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0, v3.1)

Effective December 1, 2020, SAP Concur will be retiring the existing Concur Request APIs (v1.0, v3.0, and v3.1). These APIs are replaced by the Concur Request v4 APIs.

### Business Purpose / Client Benefit

The Concur Request APIs v1.0, v3.0 and v3.1 only support the previous authentication method, which is not best security practice and does not meet the Oauth2 standards. In addition, the previous versions of the Concur Request APIs provided limited possibilities for moving a Request through the approval workflow, as well as managing custom simple & connected list fields. These issues are resolved with the new Concur Request v4 APIs.

In addition, SAP Concur has run a backward compatibility project between the current Concur Request APIs and the new Concur Request v4 APIs (not iso-compatibility) in order to have the vast majority of use cases managed in the previous versions also be managed in the Concur Request v4 APIs.

## <a name="budget-v4"></a>Budget v4 API Soon Available

SAP Concur has released the Budget v4 API. Budget v4 provides the following features:

* **Fiscal Calendar:** This API can GET, POST, and DELETE fiscal years and periods similar to the Fiscal Calendar UI in Budget Configuration.
* **Budget Category:** This API can GET, POST, and DELETE budget categories, and GET all expense types of a budget category.
* **Budget Items:** This API can GET, POST, and DELETE budget items including details such as period amounts, budget item tracking fields (cost objects), budget viewers, managers, and approvers.
* **Budget Tracking Field:** This API can GET all budget tracking fields.
* **Budget Adjustment:** This API can POST budget adjustments.
* **Global Availability:** Budget v4 API is supported in all SAP Concur data centers.

### Business Purpose / Client Benefit

This new Budget API enables users to integrate Budget with their
ERP and HR systems to automate budget configuration and maintenance as well as
importing external transactions not captured via SAP Concur through budget
adjustments.


## <a name="ssl-cert"></a>New SSL Certificate for concursolutions.com

In an effort to ensure the ongoing security of our products and services, SAP Concur has issued a new concursolutions.com SSL certificate. ***The current certificate expired on April 14, 2020.***

If the pinned certificate was not updated prior to April 14, 2020, your organization and users will experience disruption to SAP Concur products and services.

Customers who have not pinned the certificate do not need to take any action as the new certificate is updated automatically. Most customers do not pin the certificate.

Please be aware: As an enhancement to our Security and Compliance program, this certificate will be updated on an annual basis.

### Business Purpose / Client Benefit

This update provides ongoing security for our products and services.

### Configuration / Feature Activation

Please consult with your IT department to check if this applies to you.
The new SSL certificate can be accessed here:  http://assets.concur.com/concurtraining/cte/en-us/concursolutions.cert.pem
Supply this URL to your IT department.

To save the certificate, click the link above, select all the text in the browser, copy it to a file, then name the file concursolutions.cert.pem.
